Now a quick fix which I just noticed that we will need to implement our shadow is gone here on this
category page.
I didn't notice this earlier.
This happens because of the category grid tile.
I added overflow hidden.
If I remove that here then we have the shadow back and it makes sense that we get it because with overflow
hidden we basically say well the grid item which is does view around everything else here that basically
defines what we can see the shape of this defines what we can see.
And this simply crop Steed shadow as well and well that's of course something I don't necessarily want
here.
Now of course overflow hidden is important though to make sure that the ripple effect effect works correctly.
And the solution therefore is very very simple.
We can move our elevation year onto this grid item view which is does extra of you we added to restrict
the ripple effect.
So at the elevation dare maybe increase it to five so that we can see the better.
And with that we can see dead will have the shadow back on on Android.
We have the shadow now again.
Now for I guess you could think that you simply move these shadow properties here onto the same styling
object.
So onto grid item as well but this won't do a trick as you can tell here on ISIS.
We still have no shadow because they are overflow hidden still crops to shatter that simple simply a
little a platform difference we have.
But that's no problem.
We can revert this we can leave to shadow on a container.
We could also move it here does make a difference.
What we can instead do is we can leverage the platform and make sure that we only set overflow hidden.
If we're on Android because we really only need it there we really only need it there to crop the shape
for the ripple effect.
So we can check if platform OS is equal to Android and actually we only use the ripple effect if we're
on working 21 or higher.
So if platform dot where John is greater or equal to 21 if that's the case you want to set overflow
too hidden because then we need to crop this to make sure that a ripple effect works correctly otherwise
we can set as to visible which is the default so that we have no cropping which means on ISIS will not
set this to hidden and therefore on us we now have the shadow again too.
And on Android we also have the shadow.
But we still have to correct ripple effect.
So that's a little improvement.
Totally optional improvement but of course there to fix our styling would you want to implement here
to make sure we have to stall again which we wanted.